docs: update change multiple tenants (#911)
bytebase/bytebase.com: content/docs/batch-change/multi-tenant-change.md

`name` VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
);
```

3. You'll be redirect to new issue preview page. Click **Create**, the issue with the configured pipeline will be created. SQL will be the same for all the tenant databases. Click **Approve** and **Rollout** if needed one database after another.
![cmt-create-issue](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-create-issue.webp)

4. When it comes to stage with multiple databases, you may choose to **Rollout current stage** to rollout all databases under that stage. 
![cmt-rollout-batch](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-rollout-batch.webp)

5. Once the issue is completed, all tenant databases will have the same updated schema version.

![cmt-after-alter-schema](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-after-alter-schema.webp)

## Add a New Database

Within a tenant project, if you add a new database, it will automatically inherit the identical schemas from others.

1. Click **New DB**, and create `hospital_prod_4` for `Prod` environment with `h4` in **Tenant** field.
2. Go to view database `hospital_prod_4`, you'll see the `tm1` table is already there.

![cmt-db-h4-table](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-db-h4-table.webp)

## Specify Database Name Template

> Typically, all tenant databases should have the same database name and will be placed on different database instances. For some use cases, tenant databases need to have different database names and may be on the same or different database instances. Users can define a database name template where the database name should include the tenant name. For example, a database name template can be `{{DB_NAME}}__{{TENANT}}`. The database name for all tenants can be `hospital_prod__h1`, `hospital_prod__h2`, `hospital_prod__h3` with the same schema.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Typically, all tenant databases should have the same database name and will be placed on different database instances. For some use cases, tenant databases need to have different database names and may be on the same or different database instances. Users can define a database name template where the database name should include the tenant name. For example, a database name template can be `{{DB_NAME}}__{{TENANT}}`. If the database name is `hospital_prod`, and there are 3 tenants `h1`, `h2`, `h3`, the database name for the respective tenants are `hospital_prod__h1`, `hospital_prod__h2`, `hospital_prod__h3` having the same schema. 
```

1. Within the project, click **Databases** tab and you'll see the **Tenant Database Name Template** section. Click **Edit**, input `{{DB_NAME}}__{{TENANT}}` and click **Update**.
![cmt-db-naming-template-update](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-db-naming-template-update.webp)

> 2. Click **New DB**, if the database name doesn't match the template `{{DB_NAME}}__{{TENANT}}`, there will be an error. You need to name it `hospital_prod__h5` instead of `hospital_prod_5` or `hospital_prod__5`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Click **New DB**, if the database name doesn't match the template `{{DB_NAME}}__{{TENANT}}`, there will be an error. You need to name it `hospital_prod__h5`. Both `hospital_prod_h5`(separator should have two underscores instead of one) `hospital_prod__5` (tenant name should be h5 instead of 5) will cause error.
```

![cmt-db-default-tenant-config](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-db-default-tenant-config.webp)

Adjust the config deployment to the following by specifying Tenant. Besides the two default stages by environments, an extra stage for canary testing is added.

![cmt-db-after-config-tenant-config](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-db-after-config-tenant-config.webp)

Scroll up and you will see the new pipeline preview.

![cmt-db-after-config-tenant](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-db-after-config-tenant.webp)

## Alter Schema for Tenant Databases

1. Within the project, click **Alter Schema**. You'll see the popup.

![cmt-alter-schema](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-alter-schema.webp)

2. Paste the following scripts into the **Raw SQL**, and click **Preview issue**.

```sql
CREATE TABLE `tm1` (
`id` INT COMMENT 'ID' NOT NULL,
`name` VARCHAR(255) NOT NULL,
PRIMARY KEY (`id`)
);
```

3. You'll be redirect to new issue preview page. Click **Create**, the issue with the configured pipeline will be created. SQL will be the same for all the tenant databases. Click **Approve** and **Rollout** if needed one database after another.
![cmt-create-issue](/static/docs/batch-change/cmt-create-issue.webp)

> 4. When it comes to stage with multiple databases, you may choose to **Rollout current stage**. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. When it comes to stage with multiple databases, you may choose to **Rollout current stage** to rollout all databases under that stage. 
```
